README.md, before:

![](http://i.imgur.com/zd2KtbO.png?1)

### Examples for the Libgdx Cross-platform Game Development Cookbook

This repository contains the source code, samples and resources needed to follow the [Libgdx Cross-platform Game Development Cookbook](https://www.packtpub.com/game-development/libgdx-cross-platform-game-development-cookbook) authored by [David Saltares](https://github.com/saltares) and [Alberto Cejas](https://github.com/albertocejas) and published by Packt Publishing.

Please read the [license](https://github.com/saltares/libgdx-cookbook/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

### Versions

The book launched on November 2014 and used the most up to date Libgdx release at the time. However, Libgdx and other libraries have since been updated. Fortunately, we have updated this repository regularly to make sure everything is still compatible. Whenever our dependencies introduced API breaking changes, we fixed references appropriately.

Rest assured though, not much has changed since the book came out. It's still the best Libgdx book out there!

* [`cookbook-1.0.0`](https://github.com/saltares/libgdx-cookbook/releases/tag/cookbook-1.0.0) Libgdx 1.3.2, gdx-ai 1.2.0, Ashley 1.1.0 and box2dlights 1.2. This is the version that **matches the book**.
* [`cookbook-1.1.0`](https://github.com/saltares/libgdx-cookbook/releases/tag/cookbook-1.1.0) Libgdx 1.5.5, gdx-ai 1.5.0 and Ashley 1.4.0 
* [`cookbook-1.2.0`](https://github.com/saltares/libgdx-cookbook/releases/tag/cookbook-1.2.0) Libgdx 1.6.0, gdx-ai 1.5.0 and Ashley 1.5.0
* [`cookbook-1.3.0`](https://github.com/saltares/libgdx-cookbook/releases/tag/cookbook-1.3.0) Libgdx 1.6.5, gdx-ai 1.5.0 and Ashley 1.6.0

Commit message:

Initial commit after cloning
Updated README, reference to source project

README.md, after:

Derivations of source code cloned from [Saltares 2014, Libgdx Cross-platform Game Development Cookbook]
https://github.com/saltares/libgdx-cookbook

![](http://i.imgur.com/zd2KtbO.png?1)

### Examples for the Libgdx Cross-platform Game Development Cookbook

This repository contains the source code, samples and resources needed to follow the [Libgdx Cross-platform Game Development Cookbook](https://www.packtpub.com/game-development/libgdx-cross-platform-game-development-cookbook) authored by [David Saltares](https://github.com/saltares) and [Alberto Cejas](https://github.com/albertocejas) and published by Packt Publishing.

Please read the [license](https://github.com/saltares/libgdx-cookbook/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

### Versions

The book launched on November 2014 and used the most up to date Libgdx release at the time. However, Libgdx and other libraries have since been updated. Fortunately, we have updated this repository regularly to make sure everything is still compatible. Whenever our dependencies introduced API breaking changes, we fixed references appropriately.

Rest assured though, not much has changed since the book came out. It's still the best Libgdx book out there!

* [`cookbook-1.0.0`](https://github.com/saltares/libgdx-cookbook/releases/tag/cookbook-1.0.0) Libgdx 1.3.2, gdx-ai 1.2.0, Ashley 1.1.0 and box2dlights 1.2. This is the version that **matches the book**.
* [`cookbook-1.1.0`](https://github.com/saltares/libgdx-cookbook/releases/tag/cookbook-1.1.0) Libgdx 1.5.5, gdx-ai 1.5.0 and Ashley 1.4.0 
* [`cookbook-1.2.0`](https://github.com/saltares/libgdx-cookbook/releases/tag/cookbook-1.2.0) Libgdx 1.6.0, gdx-ai 1.5.0 and Ashley 1.5.0
* [`cookbook-1.3.0`](https://github.com/saltares/libgdx-cookbook/releases/tag/cookbook-1.3.0) Libgdx 1.6.5, gdx-ai 1.5.0 and Ashley 1.6.0
